Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the
17th, as we begin a shortened week in
the market due to President's Day
yesterday. My name is Ann Marie Band and
the charts are by Trendpider. Gamma
flows by Menther Q and this is Moneyball
Morning Report. All right, let's take a
look at the ES. We've got the call wall
sitting up at 7,000. It's come in 50
points. The put wall has come up also.
It's come up 200 points. It's now 6800.
We did test a key level near 687,
which was a number that I've been
looking at for a little bit of time.
Let's keep this big fat round number at
6,800. And let's put an alert here
simply because the big fat round number
is essentially going to matter. Now,
let's take a look at what's been going
on in times past. We had a shortened day
yesterday. So, of course, volume was
very thin. Not a good place to play if
you're looking for charts where volume
needs to be important. We certainly
didn't have it there. And interestingly,
in the thin volume, markets could not
hold
higher highs. And so, I've taken just
this as an active trend line to see what
we are doing. They are trying to hold
the bottom. So buyers are trying to get
involved here. The key point will be are
they able to break back above and hold
value area low which is somewhere around
6835.
As we stare this down, we can see that
inventory is
basically short in the overnight. Why?
Because markets are down. If we're
staring at the first 30 minute
formation,
we can see that we broke the top side of
it
and then came back and we have held we
held the bottom side of it until a very
hard break that tested the floor and the
retest of that break at 68.50 brought
sellers right in. So the breach of 6850
puts us right back inside
of the inventory box.
So what do we make of that? In general,
something that's sideways because if we
stare down the entire formation, you can
see that inventory is trying to hold
anywhere between 6820
and
6,900. So there's about 80 points of
squish. The value area high is just shy
of that round about 6892.
What's the formation tell us here? Well,
they're trying to buy the dips, trying
to recover. We get above 6850. Buyers
are going to get more aggressive. Those
buyers will try to force us into 68
uh71.
They're on the back foot. The VWAP is
sitting at 6878
and the point of control is right here
at 6850.
This is very messy trading. If you dig
in to what's going on in the smaller
spaces, you can see that there's
inventory building along the line of
and then some real resistance at 6842.
They will try to wick this up, right?
Momentum is moving. They will try to
wick it up particularly into this zone.
I would say it's a dip by event. But if
we can't get above 6850 or we get above
6850 and then collapse at the anchor
VWAP around 6860, 6865 where we've seen
all kinds of resistance, you know, we're
going to be caught in the pocket. hard
to really say what the traders are
after.
They might just be treading water until
the next event. Now, notice how
different the NQ looks.
In a general sense, this is the zero DTE
put wall. And as many of you have
pointed out, that zerod put wall can
change very rapidly. The big put wall
remains at 24,000. We have lots of
supply. Excuse me. Lots of demand here.
And so traders are coming in and trying
to hold the floor. That floor will be a
line in the sand today. 24,560.
If we lose that zone,
traders should try to recapture it
quickly. If we don't hold it, it's going
to continue to fade. I read a very
interesting article this week on why it
is that we are starting to see this
drift down in the indices and a little
too complex to talk about but very um
very thoughtful in terms of other
drivers in the environment that we might
need to consider.
And so this drift down is potentially
what we are likely to see. The big
bounces should give us more uh downside
into the range. What the traders are
trying to do in the NQ is get back above
value area low. The point of control is
right inside of that zone at 24,775.
I would anticipate that that would be
what they're after, that 75 zone.
24,721
seems to be a pretty solid resistance
area. Are the traders trying to build a
floor? Yes, they are. Are they being
successful at that? Not really, because
every time they bounce, they make a
lower high. And that has got to change
before price action begins to hold to
the north. If it does hold, the stair
steps are 21,720,
then 21,70,
then 21,830,
and then
24,900.
Did I say 21,000? Good grief. 24,850.
And then if they get some traction,
we've got 24,977,
which is where value area high is
sitting. Somewhere in that zone, we
probably are going to find ourselves,
some form of resistance. So that's what
we're staring down. What does our
overnight formation look like? It looks
like we spent about two hours trying to
hold that 30 minute open at which point
it faded and did not even come to test
it. So, it's showing weaker than the ES
downside pressure event. Is this the No,
that's the 3:00 a.m. candle. The
midnight candle is way down here. We
don't look at the midnight candle on
Tuesdays. We only look at midnight
candle on Wednesday where it has the
highest probability of a retest. If we
fade and lose 24,560,
the next line in the sand is 24,430
or so. We can see demand sitting in this
pocket between 24,350
and 24,400.
So that'll be that floor that we are
staring down. I suspect that we'll be
caught in the range today in terms of
what news has coming across the pike
very quickly. We'll take a look at these
guys
sideways. The floor they want to keep a
hold on 49,328
in the YM. That's the floor. The ceiling
is just above value area high.
That's 49,817.
We broke the last fade. And so post
49,817
to the north gives us another 100 points
to the upside. And then this very thin
volume pocket could create a lot of uh
buying to cover. We really want to watch
that. Okay. Again, I don't particularly
think that's going to happen. However,
the YM is presenting just a bit stronger
than everyone else
in general. It's still sitting below the
30 minute low of 49,65.
Dips or buys into resistance. the RTY
doing the same sort of thing again a
little bit stronger. I think traders are
just
looking for places to buy knowing that
they need to leave other places. It's
held the floor. That's different about
the RTY. It's held the floor. This big
pocket of inventory
was tested as support and held. And so
it looks pretty solid up here into value
area high which is 2661
to 265.
Okay, it's breaking out fairly nicely
coming right into the anchor VWAP.
really breaching the high of the first
30 minute candlestick.
Chances are we're going to bump into
some sellers right here. Just what
normally happens. Don't chase it out at
the top. There's too much disjunction
unless you're scalping. And if you're
scalping, you can give it a go. All
right, let's take a look at uh Bitcoin.
If we look at February's cycle, as you
remember, I said, "Hey, listen. We're
going to be dancing around this zone for
a hot minute, which is why I'm flat. I'm
waiting for price action to do its
thing."
The call wall is below the pilot wall,
which we see a lot in micro Bitcoin
simply because the option traders are
not particularly sophisticated in here
and they get thrown off sides a lot. So
70,000 is the call wall. The put wall is
above at 72. What does all of that mean?
It's just a range. Just it's just a
range. Look at the congestion. Look at
what the traders are trying to do. And
they're trying to hold higher lows. Now,
are they doing that a little bit?
Especially over yesterday and this
morning. Inventory is short, sitting
above them, and we should pop into some
inventory correction fairly soon. That's
going to put it up into this box, bring
it to net zero, or it's going to stay at
the bottom of the box and be choppy.
Support level 67,290.
Resistance 70,000. Sellers going to be
much more active underneath 67,290.
And we still have a big supply zone at
this 65,000.
We shall see. I think clearly they're
chopping around. They are clearly
chopping around here. So, this is a
short-term hold if you go long. It's a
short-term hold if you go short. The
market is in the middle of deciding what
in the world do we do in this space. And
as you can see, the traders have done a
pretty good job of breaking through the
resistance line and building another
resistance line. You might look at a GAN
fan or a Fibonacci fan if you were
looking at something like this, but I
say those are often just overly complex
to consider. All right, let's take a
look at oil.
So
um
oil also in a sideways patch. This
sideways patch has been very dramatic,
right? And so the drama associated with
this tells us the following. They are
trying to hold the floor.
Forward contracts still in contango, but
those are squeezing together fairly
well. Squeezing together fairly well.
And so now in go in oil, we are above
the VWAP. We're above the point of
control. We're above all of this massive
consolidation.
We tested it in the overnight and held.
And so, we are recovering every bit of
the action there. So, you might say to
yourself, well, gosh, I sure do wish I
could have looked here for a position.
With every chart, you're going to be
able to tell what to do by looking to
the left. We're not making brand new
highs and so looking to the left is
going to help tremendously. So where are
we coming in now? Next heavy levels of
congestion sit right here.
And wouldn't you know it,
oh for goodness sake, that's where the
traders are stalling out. They're
stalling out right in right at the top
of that inventory box. So what do we
expect?
a fade potentially into a higher low.
Oil is going to move up, folks. We are
in uh geopolitical straits that many of
us that are young, even youngish, have
never seen. So, this is going to rise.
Energy is the largest most important
input to any business cycle. Whether
that's human energy or inorganic energy,
which is right here that we're seeing in
the oil market, it's going to rise. So,
what do we want to see? A pullback
that's going to give us another bounce
or a hold of the VWAP, which is sitting
at $63.54.
Put wall below us at $62. call wall
above us at $65. We do break these quite
often. We're just looking at those walls
as targets while gamma flow is positive.
And if it shifts negative, we'll look at
it as a potential place we're going to
see a fight. Same thing down here. All
right, let's take a look at gold.
Oh, you know what? Let's look at silver
first.
So, we're in a lull. in silver. Uh it
could have another leg lower before it
bounces.
So I would watch for that particularly.
73 pretty good zone to stare down. Tons
of supply between 71 and 68.
Bounces are sell zones. They're staying
that way for now, but once we get to the
floor, we see buyers again. The line in
the sand is to me definitely sitting
around this $73.50
range. It's very very uh it really
sticks out. I mean, it really sticks out
as a level. And so, if we lose the zone,
we're very likely to fall into these
lower edges. Now, if we hold it,
we've got upside pressure that pushes us
into $76.90,
$77.70,
and then back up into value area high at
$78.90.
That's really what we're staring down
for gold.
Gold starting to look a little bit more
like silver in the near term. Overall,
gold has held its uh Wow, that's a
terrible line. Let's try and change that
one. Gold has held its breaks fairly
well.
And so the bounces are going to be
fairly important. Notice this one here I
have as a breakthrough and not a touch.
So it breaks through, but it doesn't
close under there, which is why it did
not trigger. 4,900. Big deal here. Tons
of demand
price action anywhere between 4,870
and 4,840.
Dips clearly buys old breakout zones.
We've got a gamma line here at 5,030.
That's a target space. Old support, new
resistance gives us 4980.
If it gets there,
we could probably test 5,000. I suspect
price action gets very sideways here in
the near term. We're just coiling. We
could fade, but those fades will give us
buying pressure and the momentum is very
steep. So, watch the test of the higher
levels. Compression in the early market
um says that 5,000 could be that test
right there. So that's what we want to
stare down. Finally, let's take a look
at spy.
We drew, look at this beauty. We drew
this box last week. I left the box. I
duplicated the box. Look at where we are
at the bottom of the box. So a trust
factor in order to trade these things is
really quite important. All the bounces,
all the movement, it literally tells you
we're going to go from one area of
inventory to the next. And that's
exactly what we've done. Again, I have
the breakthrough right here. This is uh
on Friday. That breakthrough
did not trigger simply because it did
not close below it. It's still the
number to watch. 6 $678.
$677.
Those are the edges. The put wall is
$675.
The call wall at 700. Price action
easily sideways today, but don't
underestimate the power of people
getting off sides in one direction or
another. Notice how everyone take a look
at where this comes in. That's the
measured move from up here. It pops
right into this zone here at $672.
That's a big gamma wall. Also, don't
underestimate the fact that it could do
the same sort of thing and fill in the
volume profile down here. Interesting
days ahead, folks. You want to be
careful. I'll be on uh Topstep in the
Coach's Classroom today. I'll be on the
Benzinga Pro Show and then I'll see you
guys on Topstep TV. So, a big day and
looking forward to spending time with
everyone. Take care.